# Really3Q-Assignment4

This project is written by Jingyi Shi, Miao Sun, Jingwen Ou and Yu Qin. We try to find out the death causes of different countries in the world in last 20 years. Our data is from "data in our world", and it counts 33 causes of death in countries around the world from 1990 to 2018. In order to find out the relationships between death causes and population, GDP, and lifetime, we also join different tables in it. We mainly focused on 8 countries: Australia, Switzerland, China, India, Germany, Mexico, Benin, and Mozambique which including high-income countries, middle-income countries, and low-income countries. We want to find out the result of main death causes in these countries, and compare the results.

For the data, we performed filter, pivot longer, select, etc. Then used the cleaned data for plotting, in order to better represent the visualization. We made some plots and tables using cleaned data.

Finally, according to our research, we can see that in high-income or developed countries like Australia, Switzerland, and Germany, the main death causes are cardiovascular diseases and they are caused by bad lifestyles and a long life time. People need to pay more attention to their mental health,and have a healthy diet. For those middle-income countries like China, India, and Mexico, the main death reason are cardiovascular and cancer, and the death reason is very related to the GDP of these countries. For those low-income countries, like Benin and Mozambique, people are suffering in many kinds of infectious diseases. We hope more high-income and developed countries can help those poor counties by severing more medical help, medicines and vaccines. All the countries in the world should collaborate with each other and make more people have happiness and healthy life.